Hello everyone, this is a greeting from the Buddhist Association of Central Vietnam.
In the
near future, the
Buddhist Association of Central Vietnam, under the
guidance of its chairperson, will be representing the
Buddhist followers of Ba Vang Pagoda on a
charity trip to the Central region to
provide assistance to the flood victims and to
bring the compassion of the
Buddhist followers of Ba Vang Pagoda to the people
suffering losses. Right
now, we can see
images of the Buddhist followers transporting
bags of rice – these will be
very meaningful gifts
for the people in the flood-affected areas. You
can see the Buddhist followers
loading the bags onto the vehicles to be transported to
the area where the gifts are being prepared for the Buddhist
followers. The bags of rice have already been divided
into individual portions for easier
distribution to each
family.
Besides rice, there are also other
essential necessities, and as far as we
know, there might even be clothing.
These are also
gifts, a small token of our heartfelt support.  The Buddhists
in the National Golden Club,
along with the head nun, will go to the
Central region to visit our compatriots who
are suffering from difficulties.
Hello, are you happy?
Hello Minh
[music]
Yes, everyone is very happy, you
can see the faces of the
Buddhists are very smiling. Yes, hello Thang [music]
Is it very heavy? Thang, it's not very heavy.
You
feel a little heavy. Yes, may I
ask
how you feel about doing this?
I am very happy and joyful
to be able to help people.
Now,
where are you all transporting things to? I heard the nuns say they are transporting things
to the Central region to help with the
drought and natural disasters.
This Sunday, this year, we will transport them to the
Central region. And now,
where are you all transporting them to? Transporting them to the trucks, like
transporting them to the main road to transfer them to the
trucks. Thank you, Thang. Okay.
Perhaps all the Buddhists are
accumulating  It's extremely difficult to transport the bags of rice,
so we won't
bother the Buddhists
anymore. Is that okay, Ms. Tho Viet? Yes,
ladies and gentlemen, the journey
will last about a week to
help more
families who are facing difficulties.
Information about the journey will be broadcast
live and updated with
images continuously for you all.
Please watch the next videos. Goodbye
and see you again!